first step is download it second step is
put it on a USB thumb drive and the
third step is just plug that USB thumb
drive into your
screen that's it
[Music]
competition talking practice sounds
what's going on y'all Rob here Square
Wheels Auto so today I'm going to show
you how to upgrade the firmware on your
Automotive Tesla screen so this is
applicable for the Au car Mark 6 for the
Infiniti Q50 this is applicable for the
Nifty City screens and this is also
applicable for these Square reels G
Series screens which are coming to you
soon for Infiniti Q50 Q60 for Infiniti
G37 Nissan 370Z Toyota 4Runner and more
models to come we'll talk about that
another time today let's just talk about
how to upgrade the firmware so as these
are all full Android devices they do get
shipped out with the latest and greatest
software that's available at the time
but just like your phone and tablets and
basically anything else that plugs in
lights up there are going to be firmware
upgrades now for these G Series screens
I am working directly with au car on
collecting the common issues or features
requests that happen to pop up
inevitably every day right so they've
got engineers and developers that tweak
the code and fix the issues and build
new features and all that and whenever
that is ready they bundle everything up
into a big file and then they release it
for download
what happens is I download that file I
put it on my machines I make sure it
works well with you know my vehicle
there's no glitches or anything and once
I feel confident about it I'll list it
up on the website so that you all can
download it what happens after that so
it's really three steps after that first
step is download it second step is put
it on a USB thumb drive I think some of
these screens actually come with a USB
thumb drive but if not just grab one on
Amazon I'll link one in the description
if you need that and then the third step
is just plug that USB thumb drive into
your screen that's it now I can go into
it in a little bit more detail and kind
of walk you through the steps but
you know
that's that's in a nutshell you don't
even have to go further in the video if
you know you feel like you've got that
under control so let's go over to my
computer and let's pull up my website so
the website is squarebillsauto.com and I
will link it in the description below
but what you want to do is probably want
to bookmark this
click the support link and in here
you'll see Mark 6 G Series support now
again the Mark 6 and all the G Series
screens have exactly the same hardware
and software on the inside so all the
same processor the same amount of memory
and
basically everything's the same except
for the enclosure so you can go to this
area
and Mark 6 G Series support and anything
that you see here in the popular
download section will be applicable for
your screen now you'll see I've got all
of the firmware versions listed in date
order so the newest one will always be
at the very top
um I've got a description of exactly
what's changed in this firmware update
so you can make an informed decision
whether or not it's worth it for you to
do the upgrade or stick with what you've
got
on the right hand side will be a
download button and all you got to do is
click the download button
it will pop up a new window and you
select direct download which is the
bottom link right here
and this will download the
file directly to your desktop now you'll
see it is 1.1 gigabytes so it is a
larger file so you will want to try to
do this on a higher speed connection
just so that this download doesn't take
you forever but no matter what let the
clock run out let this download
completely and then we'll be ready for
the next step
okay looks like it's all done so what
I'm gonna do is open my downloads folder
and what we'll see here is that there's
a file called update underscore e dot
zip now if it's not called this you want
to make sure to rename it to update
underscore e.zip now if you download it
directly from the site there's
pretty much no reason why it shouldn't
be called update underscore e dot zip
but
if you have downloaded a previous
version of this firmware in the same
folder and it's there then sometimes
your system might update it and call it
something like
date e one dot zip if you move this file
over to the USB thumb drive it won't
work the unit will not detect it so I'm
just reiterating this point right here
because it has already come up
update underscore e dot zip is a file
name that you want
you'll see this file is downloaded and
yes I am on a Mac but it doesn't matter
what machine you're on
all that matters is that this file name
stays update underscore e dot zip so you
can do this on a PC I've done it on an
iPad it doesn't really matter the main
key is that this file is called update
underscore e.zip nothing after nothing
before it make sure that this isn't a
folder you don't want to extract it or
anything just update underscore e.zip
it's very important that it's in that
exact same file name not uppercase not
lowercase anything like that just update
underscore e dot zip
what I'm going to do now is plug in my
trusty USB thumb drive and if you need
one of these I'll link one in the
description but you can just pick them
up they're really cheap on Amazon so
here you see Untitled which is the name
of my USB thumb drive I'm just going to
open it in a new window
here it is and again it doesn't matter
what else is on this USB thumb drive you
can have pictures or video or whatever
on there just make sure that when you
copy this over you're copying it to the
root folder or the top level folder on
the USB thumb drive so all you got to do
is just drag it over and it's pretty
much the same concept on a Mac or on a
PC or on an iPad
copy it over and then you will be ready
to take this file
on the USB thumb drive over to your G
Series screen
[Music]
sounds
bedtime
[Music]
I seen the picture the dot in that crash
but thank God I ain't too cool for the
safe belt all you gotta do is allow it
to reboot and enjoy your freshly updated
G Series screen any comments questions
concerns let me know in the comments
down below I'll do my best to help out
cool that's it for me see you on the
other side peace